EUDIW trust infrastructure (#1192)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/registry.rst

.. literalinclude:: ../../examples/schema-registry-example-payload.json
  :language: JSON

Register of WRPs
----------------

> The **Register of WRPs** is the entity register of the **EUDIW** trust model: each Member State establishes and operates it under `CIR2025/848`_ (Article 3), through the **Registrar**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each Member State establishes and operates it under `CIR2025/848`_ (Article 3), through the **Registrar**.
```

> Unlike the national semantic registries above, it does not hold Credential semantics: it holds the *registration records* of Wallet-Relying Parties (identification, intended use, entitlements, and key material) that drive the issuance of the WRPAC and WRPRC and support Relying Party authorization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Registar holds the *registration records* of Wallet-Relying Parties (identification, intended use, entitlements, and key material) that drive the issuance of the WRPAC and WRPRC and support Relying Party authorization.
```

The Registrar writes a record when a WRP completes technical registration during onboarding (see :ref:`onboarding-system:Entity Registration`); each record is electronically signed or sealed on behalf of the Registrar so that the certificate providers and the Wallet can rely on it.
In the dual trust model this **EUDIW** registration is additive on top of the entity's **national** OID Federation identity (see :ref:`onboarding-system:Onboarding System and Lifecycle Management`).

The full data model and the public read API are specified in :ref:`infrastructure-trust:Register of WRPs` and :ref:`infrastructure-trust:Register Open APIs`, and are not restated here.

EUDIW Catalogues
----------------

> At EU level the European Commission maintains two **EUDIW** catalogues that are the cross-border counterparts of the national semantic registries, defined in ARF TS11 (Interfaces and formats for the Catalogue of Attributes and the Catalogue of Schemes).

Reviewer: ARF TS11 should be provided with an HREF
